Python Data Scientist

Responsibilities:

Defines product objectives by gathering and analysing user requirements; envisioning system features and functionality.
Recommends data solutions by exploring the advantages and benefits of existing development against alternative development.
Be involved in regular testing of data scrapping scripts and software products; unit testing and final testing.
Writes and updates software test processes and procedures.
Coordinates (or partakes in) the coding/programming of software products and solutions with version control systems such as git.
Develop and maintain python scripts or applications to perform data scraping using the best available libraries in python.
Development and maintenance of data pipeline processes.
Implement requests to APIs and develop API modules with python.
Perform Data Analysis, mining and visualization using relevant python libraries.
Developing data models and algorithms best suited to a particular scenario.
Employ sophisticated analytics programs, machine learning and statistical methods to prepare data for use in predictive and prescriptive modelling.
Develop and maintain Natural Language processing applications using python’s NLTK library concepts.
Write and implement test scripts for python programs.
As the lead developer for a product or solution, he/she will do the following;
Breaks down tasks into executable units,
Assigns tasks to team members and allocates time,
Manages product features – backlog manager,
Responsible for managing and enforcing coding style and collaboration standards,
Supports and coordinates team members with appropriate review and retrospectives.
Involves in code review and optimization, and implements reviews made on products.
Write reusable and testable codes.

Qualification and Skills:

A degree in Computer Science, Information Science, Mathematics or any closely related field is required.
Sound knowledge of NumPy, Pandas, MatPlotLib or NLTK libraries.
Good knowledge of relational and structural databases and how to create database schemas that represent and support business processes.
Understands the design principles behind a scalable application.
Sound knowledge of version control tools such as git.
Strong knowledge of web server exploits and their solutions.
Passion for best design and coding practices, and a desire to develop new interesting ideas.
Top-notch programming skills and in-depth knowledge of modern data science/machine learning and natural language processing technologies.
Teamwork.
Good communication skills.
Highly organized and pays extraordinary attention to detail.
Must have the ability to act quickly and pragmatically under pressure, prioritise and resolve issues.
Enthusiasm and high level of motivation.
Please Note: This is a fully Onsite position, not currently available for remote or hybrid.

